The nature of my personality lends itself to doing things that are approved
of by any community. I'd say so not sure my career path would
have changed. One thing I would have wanted to know, though, is to be
a bit more is to have a bit more information on the alternatives going
off the career path because there's some very good ones on and
they're not. They're not necessarily. They're not bad, in fact, a very
good. But they're just probably good in a more personal way for your
own personal gain. And it was always there's always, you know, when
when these these types of options were discussed, they they were
always given with the caveat, Will This is bad for your career or something
like that. So I was always reticent to even consider them.
But looking back, there are some very interesting opportunities that
I think would have been very beneficial. Um, now my have lights. If
I wasn't as worried about staying on the career path